Update Business demo Readme (#207)
southworkscom/cognitive-services-personalizer-samples: demos/PersonalizerBusinessDemo/README.md

Once you configure the secrets and the endpoints, in Visual Studio you can run the project by pressing `F5`. If you are using the .NET Core CLI, run `dotnet run` in the path where the `.csproj` file is.

## Deploying the demo

Once you managed to run the demo locally, you can right-click on the Visual Studio project and select the **Publish** menu option to deploy the demo to a new or and existing Azure App Service. You can also pick from one of the given options.

![Selecting the Publish option in VS](./imgs/vs-publishproject.png)

The different options from the publish menu will guide you to the publishing proccess. You can also choose to import a publishing profile from Azure.

![Publish process in VS](./imgs/vs-publishprocess.png)

> After a successful publish, the final step is setting up the Personalizer API key. From the screen that opened up after deployment, click on **Edit Azure App Service settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a successful publish, the final step is setting up the Personalizer and Text Analytics keys. From the screen that opened up after deployment, click on **Edit Azure App Service settings**.
```
